This assignment covers module 1 and module topics. 

To write the programs below you will need to demonstrate an understanding of the following topics:
• Variable (Module 1)
• Simple Data Types (Module 1)


Please refer back to the module lectures if you find you have any gaps in your
understanding for these topics.






Introduction
1. Problem: Write a program named polynomial.js, that evaluates the polynomial shown
here:
x^2 – 4x + 7 where x = 3




2.Problem: Sunshine Books is a bookstore that’s open every morning from 8:00 am to
12:00 pm. The manager wants information about the number of customers in the store
at different times. A clerk, whose station is near the door, counts customers by making a
mark on a piece of paper each time a customer enters. The paper is divided into four
segments, one for each hour, and the clerk notes the time before making each mark.
When the store closes at noon, the clerk wants to enter the numbers in a program,
which then displays the total number of customers for the day and the average number
of customers per hour.
Your job, as the programmer, is to develop a program to calculate the customers for the
day, and the average number of customers per hour.
Assume the clerk has counted the following customers:
Hour # Customers
1 75
2 96
3 22
4 108
Write a program named “sunshine_books.js” that calculates and displays the total
customers for the day and the average customers per hour.

3.
Problem: You have been asked to create a program called “payroll_calc.js”, that
computes and displays paycheck information for employees. The program should
compute the gross pay. After it has computed the gross pay, it should deduct three
types of income tax withholding – federal (at a rate of 15%), state (at 3.4%), and county
(at 1.1%) – as well as the amount of the employee’s medical insurance deduction.
Finally, the program should total the deductions and calculate the net pay, and display
all this information, including the employee’s name. Use the following values:
First Name: Meredith
Last Name: Fitch
Hours Worked: 40
Hourly Wage Rate: $15.50
Medical Insurance Deduction: $55.00
